---
layout: post
title: "[Apps] 2014"
author: Jaume
tags:
---

For the past three years, I’ve been running a series called [*Books*] that, once a year, would list the books that I found indispensable to read. This year, considering the changes that I went through from a workflow perspective, I thought it would be appropriate to start focusing on apps that I found indispensable on my computers as well.

The list below includes my top picks for apps that I use several times every day and is organized in two sections: mobile and desktop apps.

#MOBILE APPS

I included only iOS apps because **the iPhone and the iPad are my portable computers**. I don’t use Android OS but also you will find most of these apps in the Play Store.

1. **Whatsapp**. This app doesn't need description
2. **Feedly**. The best news aggregator
3. **Alien Blue**. A reddit client
4. **Mailbox**. The most fast mail processor I used
5. **Reminders**. The iOS task manager
6. **Instagram**. A photo social network
7. **CodeHub**. GitHub repositories manager
8. **Tapatalk**. The app to follow multiple online communities
9. **Plex**. The best streaming media player
10. **Runkeeper**. An app to track all the fitness activity

# DESKTOP APPS

I just considered the apps I use daily or weekly. With that said, let’s dive in.

1. **Adobe Lightroom**. Photo editing and management program. I began using Aperture but Lightroom is faster managing my 22.980 photos
2. **Autodesk Autocad** / **Inventor**. Tools for 3D mecanichal design
3. **GitHub**. The best way to host and manage this blog
4. **Google Drive**. This app doesn't need description neither
5. **iMovie**. An Apple app to make videos
6. **Plex Home Theater**. A Plex desktop client
7. **Safari**. The Apple web browser
8. **Flickr Uploadr**. The best way to publish photos on Flickr
9. **TextMate**. The killer text editor for writing code
10. **Adobe Photoshop**... you know